Update config for tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage on pub nets, consider moving to both sides (#1256)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

the `target-gas-limit` while Besu is running. Alternatively restart Besu with an updated
`target-gas-limit` value.

### `tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage`

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash

>     --tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage=<LONG>

Reviewer: we can also says that accepted values are in the range (0-1]

    ```

=== "Example"

    ```bash
    --tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage=0.1
    ```

=== "Environment variable"

    ```bash
    BESU_TX_POOL_LIMIT_BY_ACCOUNT_PERCENTAGE=0.1
    ```

=== "Configuration file"

    ```bash
    tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage=0.4
    ```

The maximum percentage of future transactions kept in the transaction pool, per account.

> The default is .1 or 10% of transactions from a single account to be kept in the pool.

Reviewer: The current default is .001 or 0.1%, that for the default size means max 5 txs per sender

the `target-gas-limit` while Besu is running. Alternatively restart Besu with an updated
`target-gas-limit` value.

### `tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage`

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash

>     --tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage=<LONG>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage=<DOUBLE>
```

    ```

=== "Example"

    ```bash
    --tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage=0.1
    ```

=== "Environment variable"

    ```bash
    BESU_TX_POOL_LIMIT_BY_ACCOUNT_PERCENTAGE=0.1
    ```

=== "Configuration file"

    ```bash
    tx-pool-limit-by-account-percentage=0.4
    ```

> The maximum percentage of future transactions kept in the transaction pool, per account.
> The default is .1 or 10% of transactions from a single account to be kept in the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum percentage of future transactions kept in the transaction pool, per account.
Accepted values are in the range (0-1]. The default is .001 or 0.1% of transactions from a single account to be kept in the pool.
```
